Initial work to use base client (#73)
frequenz-floss/frequenz-client-dispatch-python: RELEASE_NOTES.md

## Summary

This release includes a new feature for pagination support in the dispatch list request as well as usage of the base-client for setting up the channel and client configuration.

## Upgrading

- The `Client.list()` function now yields a `list[Dispatch]` representing one page of dispatches

> - `Client.__init__` no longer accepts a `grpc_channel` argument, instead a `svc_addr` argument is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Client.__init__` no longer accepts a `grpc_channel` argument, instead a `server_url` argument is required.
```
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f0f6b411-435d-4786-8ef5-7facf4228802)

Author: that's what you meant :laughing: 
I updated the release notes while rebasing ;)-
